# RecommendationProject3
Recommendation system for project 3
Hello everyone, its so glad to present you our group project today.
Our project this time is a further extention of our project 1. And can also extend to many other industry and fields.
I will be very happy to introduce first part of this project.
For the first part of our project, I sorted the airBnb Listing.csv for Nashville, to start small.And after clean the data and filter it with price value above 0, and keep coloumns I desired. Mainly for basic information of the house and rating scores for further comparision, I also filtered it with the rating value above 3, then I add the rank of the 9 columns of rating, also added 2 columns of price to bed and price to accomendates ratio for calculation of average rank. after that I also normalized all those coloumn to give it an score.and based on pholosopy of pick among the best of scores comprehensively and lexicographical sorting algorithm, I averaged the rank and score to give you an recommendation based on what you value ,accomendats you need and price acceptable to you.
Now let look at the firt gradio block,just a reminder please run step by step, from this block we can select our most valued parameters and the system gonna calculate the percentage each valued item accounts.Then we can choose the price range to limit the database, after that we can input the accomodates number and give more detailed price for recommendation, this price is a rang with 20 less to 20 more of the input number.
Then for example we will select the second one,we will go to the second gradio box, and select it
For the third gradio,which is tab 3, it will show our selected location as red, the surrounded available airbnb as purple and the remaining within our preference range as blue.And this section give us very current information of the weather, and also the following section give us more information of weekly weather data, as we can see from 2 days later there would be a drizzling rain.
And the very bottom box give you an basic suggestion of what to do we use langchain and Netural Learning request. but I will let mat give you more information of our amazing recommendation for restarant recommendation and such.Thank you
